what language should be used to describe
these images the government says the
killing of civilians in Gaza is
intolerable a Slaughter but it won't say
Israel's response is disproportionate or
criminal and it's that lack of
unequivocal condemnation that prompted
this foreign office minister to resign
the first Muslim woman in cabinet
decided she could no longer support her
government's foreign policy over the
last four weeks I have done everything
that I can both at formal meetings and
informal meetings trying to convince my
colleagues that our current policy on
Gaza is morally indefensible that it's
not in our interests it's not in British
interest and that it will have
consequences for us both internationally
and here at home uh but in the end I
felt the government's position wasn't
moving and therefore I had to on AO a
principal resign the Prime Minister on
holiday in Portugal was informed of her
decision shortly before it was announced
on social media Mr Cameron's spokesman
said he regretted her resignation others
had stronger language I think this is a
disappointing and frankly unnecessary
decision the British government is
working with others in the world to
bring peace to Gaza and we do have now a
tentative ceasefire which of course we
all hope will hold lady vary once stood
for election in her hometown of jeury in
Yorkshire and some there today thought
she had done the right thing I have to
agree with her on that so I may not
agree with her other policies whatever
but I have to agree with this but I I
support her I think good yes yes I think
Israel has just gone beyond what can I
say s Avari has long been a supporter of
David Cameron without ever being part of
his inner circle I am proud that I can
stand here with the first Muslim woman
in a shadow cabinet or cabinet in s aasi
she co-chaired his party she traveled
the world with him a symbol perhaps that
the Tory party was changing but she was
also outspoken and mocked his Reliance
on fellow
alaton in his response to Lady vsy David
Cameron says that he has expressed grave
concern about civilian casualties and
called on Israel to exercise restraint
but her resignation means he's now under
much greater pressure to go further
pressure that's not just coming from
labor it's a proper principal
resignation over a very serious matter
of international policy and I like her
would like the United Kingdom to have a
more constructive policy I think people
around Britain have been shocked by the
casualties and suffering that we've seen
in Gaza and I hope that David Cameron
will reflect on what she says in her
resignation letter and change his
approach yesterday lady vary took part
in an act of remembrance over an old war
today though she delivered an act of
defiance over a new one James LEL BBC
News Westminster